We all want to dive into the course now and we will
but how do you get the most out of the course
because that is really important to me,
I want that you get the most for your money possible.
Now this is a video on-demand course,
so obviously you should watch the videos. Go through them,
have a look at them and pause them if you need to take some notes or if you are coding along, also
take advantage of these Udemy playback controls in the video player. Speed me up if I'm going to slow,
slow me down if I'm going too fast and jump back to videos you already watched to go through a concept
again which wasn't very clear to you, that is a normal process of learning and it is the advantage of
a video on-demand course, you can go through it at your speed so take advantage of that.
Now as I mentioned, you should also code along,
you learn the most by not just watching me talk but by really writing your own code and for that, pause
the video, also try something on your own before watching my solution.
Do the assignments you find in this course and take advantage of all the different tools you have here.
Now you will definitely also run into errors and you will learn in this course how to debug errors
and as always, I recommend that you should try to solve errors on your own because you'll learn the most
if you fix your own errors.
Google is your friend, put your error message into Google and often, you will find a solution there.
Now also dive into the official docs,
these dccs are awesome and you find all the built-in components there, a lot of useful guides and a
lot of useful resources that teach you how to work with Ionic and might help you understand why something
doesn't work the way you would think it works because it's not how the Ionic team intended it to
be used for example.
Last but not least, this course as all Udemy courses has a Q&A section where you can ask,
now only ask if you have exhausted other resources,
also if you compared your code to mine. Attached to multiple lectures in this course and always to the
last lecture of every module, you find snapshots of the code for this module.
Take that code and compare it to yours,
that also allows you to find and fix a lot of issues.
And only after you went through all these steps or when a certain concept is really unclear,
ask in the Q&A section but don't just ask
there, also answer,
help your fellow students because just as with coding along, if you're forced to think about a problem
and solve it on your own, you get way more out of this than if you just passively sit there and ask and
wait for help.
Sometimes this is necessary but often, you can make the difference by helping other students, not just personally
but also for you because you will learn even more.
And if you take all these things into account, you should be getting a lot out of this course.